UI alert warnig for Form and Details when v2alpha1 APIRule has wrong format (#1214)
kyma-project/api-gateway: docs/release-notes/2.5.0.md

Author: yes?

Author: did ask Magda, because this is not in the milestone

Reviewer: Sorry, I meant `I think this will be released as part of 2.6.0.` 
I don't see it in the 2.5.0 milestone, yet. 
So this will be cherry-picked to 2.5.0? Ok

Author: Nope, synced with Magda, not relevant for 2.5.0, will RN for 2.6.0

## New Features

- Add Gateway validation [#1210](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/pull/1210)

> - The UI will display a warning if the API Rule v2alpha1 specifies a Gateway that is not in the correct format [#1214](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/pull/1214)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The UI displays a warning if an APIRule custom resource in version `v2alpha1` specifies a Gateway that is not in the correct format [#1214](https://github.com/kyma-project/api-gateway/pull/1214)
```
